OCPBUGS#27147: Doc improvements related to "LVMCluster" custom resource (#72137)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-about-lvmcluster-cr.adoc

[id="about-lvmcluster_{context}"]
= About the LVMCluster custom resource

You can configure the `LVMCluster` CR to perform the following actions:

* Create LVM volume groups that you can use to provision persistent volume claims (PVCs).
* Configure a list of devices that you want to add to the LVM volume groups. 
* Configure the requirements to select the nodes on which you want to create an LVM volume group, and the thin pool configuration for the volume group.
* Force wipe the selected devices.

> After you have installed {lvms}, you must create an `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) on a worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have installed {lvms}, you must create an `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) using CLI or web-console.
```

Reviewer: We can skip the word 'worker node', as user don't have to specifically perform any action on 'worker node', it's handled by LVMS.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

|`object`
|Contains the configuration to choose the nodes on which you want to create the LVM volume group. If this field is empty, all nodes without no-schedule taints are considered.

On the control-plane node, {lvms} detects and uses the additional worker nodes when the new nodes become active in the cluster. 

|`nodeSelector.nodeSelectorTerms`
|`array`
|Configure the requirements that are used to select the node.

|`deviceClasses.deviceSelector`
|`object`
|Contains the configuration to perform the following actions:

* Specify the paths to the devices that you want to add to the LVM volume group.
* Force wipe the devices that are added to the LVM volume group.

> For more information, see "About adding devices to a volume group" in the "Additional resources" section.

Reviewer 2: Here the cited reference is done with " " and switched from _ _ formatting.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
